what I know what's heating up theaters
this weekend in Annabelle creation a
doll maker and his wife welcomed
orphaned children into the remote home
where an evil presence resides from
living in the glass castle based on a
true story a young woman must come to
terms with her unconventional parents
honestly tell me animals must take back
their home from humans who want to make
it an amusement park in then that job
too nutty by Nature
roll over I don't know how I'm not
classically trained see what's hot in
theaters with this week's fantasy facie
[Music]
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]